Cryptocurrency

According to the team, the Conexão coin since its inception COINN’s focus is to drive adoption among a large number of consumers number of consumers and merchants.

Content

N ° Subject Page Introduction………………………………………………………… …………………… 3

What is the COINN Coin Connection………………………………………………………… ………………… 4

What is the valuation perspective?…………………………………………… 4

How to get Coin Connection?………………………………………………………… …… ..

How does the Coin Connection work?………………………………………………………… ……. 5th

How Difficult to Make a Coin Connection Payment?…………………………… 6

Can I make money with Connection coin?……………………………………………. 6th

What are the advantages of Coin Connection?……………………………………………… ..6

a) Choose your rates b) Less risk for traders c) Safety and control d) Transparent and neutral

Is coin connection totally virtual and immaterial?…………………………………………. 7th

Is the Coin Connection anonymous?………………………………………………………… …………. 7th

What happens when the coin connection is lost?………………………………… 7

What about taxes?…………………………………………………………… ……… 7

Coin connection useful for illegal activities?……………………………………………… 8

Can coin connection be regulated?…………………………………………………… 8 8 which determines the price of the coin connection?…………………………………………… 8

What will the distribution of the Coin Connection be like?……………………………………………… 9 18. Por Coinn have value?…………………………………………………………… . 19. What about consumer protection and the Coin Connection?…………………………………. 9 20. Clarifications about Blockchain and CoinMarketCap…………………………… .. 9 21. Coinn is a pyramid scheme?……………… ……………………………………… .. 9 22. Does Bitreal not benefit those who joined first?……… …………………………. 10 23. Is the finite amount of coin Connections not a limitation?……………………… .. 10 24. What if someone bought all existing Coin Connections?…… …………………… .. 10 25. Why do I have to wait for confirmations?…………………………… ………… .. 10 26. How much will the transaction fee be?……………………………………… …………… 10 27.

Introduction

Internet commerce has come to rely almost exclusively on financial institutions that serve as intermediaries for processing electronic payments. The system does not work well enough, and still suffers from the inherent weaknesses of the trust-based model. Completely non-reversible transactions are not really possible as financial institutions cannot avoid dispute mediation. With the possibility of reversal, the need for trust spreads. Marketers should be careful with their customers, asking for more information than they would need.

What is needed is a cryptographic proof-based rather than reliable electronic payment system, allowing two stakeholders to negotiate directly with each other without the need for a trusted third party. Transactions that are computationally irreversible would protect sellers from fraud, and routine deposit mechanisms could easily be implemented to protect buyers.

In this report, you will find that the solution to these problems is to use a solid-based encrypted digital currency that shows a perspective for its users, the ConexaoCoin cryptocurrency.

What is Coin Connection (COINN)?

COINN is a completely digital and decentralized currency where users manage the system without the need for intermediary or central authority. It can be transferred from one person to another via the internet or physically if it is printed as a money bill, without going through a bank or intermediary, your account cannot be frozen, you can use it in any country. There are no prerequisites or arbitrary limits. COINN is the first cryptocurrency that has a valuation perspective.

What is the valuation perspective?

It is a clear notion of COINN’s valuation forecast. Having an estimate of price developments is in the interest of all users, what is lacking in the world of cryptocurrencies, this breaks the speculation taboo and encourages all types of traders. For a market with a firm base and stipulated prices is an understandable and fair scenario for everyone. COINN has a quantity of 1 Billion units, which are distributed in 500 lots, the first lot costs $ 3.43 USD.

three cents), and each next lot will cost 2.2% more, and they will decrease them exponentially by a dozen thousand.

How to get COINN?

a) Buy at the official exchange office - COINN is launched at ForkDelta exchange because it is decentralized, a free and innovative environment where you buy and sell your COINN at any time without intermediaries, restrictions or prerequisites: https: //forkdelta.app/#0x106f2d734e12545b4d78fc057934905508f1fe24-ETH

b) As payment for goods or services - accept COINN as a payment method. c) Miscellaneous - Shop with retailers, casual dealers, other bureaux de change, etc.

How does Coin Connection work?

The coin connection is stored in a digital account, technically called a wallet, which is similar to a bank account, where the user sends and receives bit rates. But unlike any administration, a COINN account can be opened anonymously at any time by anyone, even without the need for internet access. The wallet can be used on many devices such as computers, mobile phones, browsers, even in physical form equal to a money bill, and even in the form of printed physics is impossible to counterfeit, as each wallet has a unique code.

This is a simple template with basic information, a minimum requirement for printing.

How difficult is it to make a Coin Connection payment?

COINN payments are easier to make than credit or debit card purchases, and can be received without a merchant account. Payments are made from a wallet, either on your computer or mobile phone, by entering the recipient’s address, the payment amount and pressing send. To make it easier to enter a recipient’s address, many wallets can get the address by scanning a QR code, or other forms of connection.

Can I make money with Coin Connection?

You should never expect to get rich with COINN or any emerging technology. It is always important to be careful about everything that sounds too good to be true or disobeyes basic economic rules. COINN is a growing space for innovation and there are business opportunities that also include risks. There is no guarantee that COINN will continue to grow, although appreciation is very likely as the cryptocurrency market moves billions of dollars daily. There are several ways to make money with COINN, such as buying, storing, and waiting for possible overvaluation by speculating or running new business. All of these methods are competitive and there is no guarantee of profit. It is up to each individual to make a proper assessment of the costs and risks involved in such a project.

What are the advantages of coin connection?

a) Freedom of Payment - You can send and receive any amount of money instantly anywhere in the world at any time. There are no holidays, borders or limits imposed. COINN allows its users to be in full control of their money at all times.

b) Very low rates - COINN payments are currently processed at extremely low rates like $ 0.10 (fifty cents) that take seconds, much lower than credit cards. Or users may include transaction fees to receive priority handling, which may result in instant transactions.

c) Less risk to merchants - COINN transactions are secure, irreversible, and do not contain confidential or personal customer information. This protects traders from losses caused by fraud or fraudulent chargebacks. Advantage also for trades where credit cards are not available or fraud rates are high. The net result is lower fees, and less administrative costs.

d) Security and control - COINNl users have full control of their transactions; It is impossible for merchants to force unwanted or unreported charges as could be the case with other forms of payment. COINN payments can be made without linking personal information to the transaction. This offers strong protection against identity theft.

Is coin connection totally virtual and immaterial?

Coin connection is as virtual as the credit cards and online banking networks that people use every day. It can be used to pay online and in physical stores, just like any other form of money. COINNs can also be exchanged in physical form if printed, but paying using a cell phone is usually more convenient. COINN balances cannot be fraudulently altered by anyone. In other words, COINN users have sole control over their funds.

Is Coin Connection Anonymous?

Coin Connection is designed to allow users to send and receive payments with a high level of privacy. However, COINN may not be anonymous or offer the same level of privacy as paper money.

a) May not be anonymous - if you buy something in person, or report that you will be doing / sending it, this person will know that you have access to that account. And this will be a way to associate the account with you.

b) May be completely anonymous - When someone creates a wallet to store COINN no information is requested, only a password is issued for access, technically called a private key, and an account number, better known as an account address, is also issued. . You may receive and transfer without any form of personal information. One can open as many accounts as they want without anyone knowing, even without internet access, just by accessing an offline wallet generator for the COINN cryptocurrency.

What happens when the Coin Connection is lost?

When a user loses his wallet, his money is withdrawn from circulation. Lost COINNs still remain in the block chain. However, losing bitreal is to keep them lost forever, because there is no way for anyone to find the private key that would allow them to be spent again. But to avoid that you have several ways to keep your wallet access, such as storing your private key in an email, using a login file where you choose your password, or storing your private key printed in a Secure Code. QR.

What about taxes?

Coin connection is not a statutory fiduciary currency in any jurisdiction, but often taxes apply regardless of the medium used. There are a wide variety of laws in many different jurisdictions. A country may cause some tax liability to arise for Connection Coin, but it may not have control of transfers, regardless of country, or users. And this is a freedom that no fiat currency will ever appreciate.

Is Coin Connection useful for illegal activities?

Coin connection is money, and money has always been used for both legal and illegal purposes. Money, credit cards, and current banking systems far surpass any method in terms of their use to finance crimes. COINNl can bring significant innovation in payment systems and the benefits of this innovation are often considered far beyond its potential disadvantages. COINN is a huge step forward in making safer money and could also act as a significant protection against many forms of financial crime. For example, COINNs are completely impossible to counterfeit. Users are in full control of their payments and cannot receive unapproved charges such as credit card fraud. COINN transactions are irreversible and immune to fraudulent charges. Some questions have been raised that COINN could be more attractive to criminals because it can be used to make private and irreversible payments. However, these features already exist with cash and bank transfer which are widely used and well established. The use of COINN is undoubtedly subject to regulations similar to those already in force within existing financial systems and COINN is not likely to prevent criminal investigations from being conducted. It is often common for important findings to be perceived as doubtful before their benefits are well understood. The Internet is a good example among many others to illustrate this. Some questions have been raised that COINN could be more attractive to criminals because it can be used to make private and irreversible payments. However, these features already exist with cash and bank transfer which are widely used and well established. The use of COINN is undoubtedly subject to regulations similar to those already in force within existing financial systems and COINN is not likely to prevent criminal investigations from being conducted. It is often common for important findings to be perceived as doubtful before their benefits are well understood. The Internet is a good example among many others to illustrate this. Some questions have been raised that COINN could be more attractive to criminals because it can be used to make private and irreversible payments. However, these features already exist with cash and bank transfer which are widely used and well established. The use of COINN is undoubtedly subject to regulations similar to those already in force within existing financial systems and COINN is not likely to prevent criminal investigations from being conducted. It is often common for important findings to be perceived as doubtful before their benefits are well understood. The Internet is a good example among many others to illustrate this. However, these features already exist with cash and bank transfer which are widely used and well established. The use of COINN is undoubtedly subject to regulations similar to those already in force within existing financial systems and COINN is not likely to prevent criminal investigations from being conducted. It is often common for important findings to be perceived as doubtful before their benefits are well understood. The Internet is a good example among many others to illustrate this. However, these features already exist with cash and bank transfer which are widely used and well established. The use of COINN is undoubtedly subject to regulations similar to those already in force within existing financial systems and COINN is not likely to prevent criminal investigations from being conducted. It is often common for important findings to be perceived as doubtful before their benefits are well understood. The Internet is a good example among many others to illustrate this. subject to regulations similar to those already in force within existing financial systems and COINN is not likely to prevent criminal investigations from being conducted. It is often common for important findings to be perceived as doubtful before their benefits are well understood. The Internet is a good example among many others to illustrate this. subject to regulations similar to those already in force within existing financial systems and COINN is not likely to prevent criminal investigations from being conducted. It is often common for important findings to be perceived as doubtful before their benefits are well understood. The Internet is a good example among many others to illustrate this.

Can Coin Connection be Regulated?

It is possible to regulate the use of COINN similar to any other instrument. Just like the real, COINN can be used for a variety of purposes, some of these may be considered legitimate or not, according to the law of each jurisdiction. In this sense, COINN is no different from any other tool or resource and may be subject to different regulations in each country. The use of COINN may be hampered by restrictive regulations. The challenge for regulators is usually to develop efficient solutions so the growth of emerging markets and businesses develops naturally.

What determines the price of Coin Connection?

Batches will initially determine the value of COINN. After all lots are traded, the price of one COINNl will be determined by the law of supply and demand. There are only a limited number of COINNs in circulation, but when 20 lots are traded, another 20 will automatically be available at ForkDelta, which is the official currency exchange for the release. The valuation perspective will lead COINN to a constant progressive appreciation. Studies indicate that it took Bitcoin a decade to overvalue because users had no prospect of potential, even causing many users to spend thousands of bitcoins even before considerable appreciation. And by combining the power of today’s communication with a clear perspective of appreciation,

What will the distribution of Coin Connection look like?

You can find currency exchange COINN, retailers, among other options, but lots will be distributed at ForkDelta currency exchange, for every 20 lots traded, another 20 will automatically be available.

Why does Coin Connection have value?

Coin connection have value because they are useful as a form of money. COINN has the characteristics of money (durability, portability, fungibility, scarcity, divisibility and recognition) based on the properties of mathematics, rather than relying on physical properties (such as gold and silver) or reliance on central authorities (such as currencies). trustees). In short, COINN is supported by math. With these attributes, all that is required for a form of money to maintain value is trust and adoption. In the case of COINN, this can be measured by its growing user base. As with all currencies, the value of COINN comes only and directly from people willing to accept them as payment.

What about consumer protection?

COINN is freeing people to trade on their own terms. Each user can send and receive payments similar to cash. Unlike cash and other payment methods, COINN always leaves public proof that the transaction has occurred, which can potentially be used in an appeal against companies with fraudulent practices. The way COINN works allows individuals and businesses to protect themselves against chargeback.

Blockchain and CoinMarketCap Clarifications.

Coin Connection currently utilizes Ethereum Blockchain, as it is the best cryptocurrency network of today, new fee-free platforms as fast as Ethereum are studied daily, but none offer the security of Ethereum technology, so no migration predictions. COINN will soon be listed on the renowned CoinMarketCap as soon as it reaches the required daily marketing, according to new site rules.

Is Coin Connection a Pyramid Scheme?

No, because you don’t depend on third parties, there are no levels, no affiliate programs. A pyramid scheme is a fraudulent investment transaction that pays returns to its investors with its own money, or with the money of subsequent investors. COINN is a currency without central authority. Consequently, no one is in a position to make fraudulent representations about return on investments. Like any other currency like Gold, Real, US Dollar, Euro, Yen etc.

Coin Connection does not benefit those who joined first?

Some early adopters may own a large number of COINNs because they have taken risks and invested. Many first time users will spend large numbers of COINN enough a few times before they become valuable or just bought small amounts and have not made huge gains. This is very similar to investing in a startup that can increase in value through its utility and popularity or never get started. COINN is still in its infancy and designed with a very long-term vision, it’s hard to imagine how it could be less inclined to early users, today’s users may or may not be the first users of tomorrow.

Is the finite amount of Coin Connection not a limitation?

COINN is unique as no more than 1 Billion COINN will be created. However, this will never be a limitation as transactions can be denominated in subunits smaller than a COINNl, such as coins. For example: 0.000 000 000 001.

What if someone bought all existing COINN?

This has already happened with some cryptocurrencies, but combining the lots with the prospect of appreciation bars this kind of action, since the sum of all lots will be around $ 10 billion, would be a challenge even for a larger group of buyers. determined. And if that ever happens, no one will sell a single COINN for less than $ 22,000, making it definitely a much more valuable cryptocurrency for those who bought before it happened.

Why do I have to wait for confirmations?

Receiving a payment is almost instant with COINN. Confirmation means that there is no consensus about the network that the bits you received were not sent to anyone else and are considered your property.

How much will the transaction fee be?

The fee is not related to the amount of bits that are sent, they average $ 0.10 USD, and are based on the user’s platform. If you are using exchange offices, it will be deducted from COINN itself, if you use the Ethereum platform it will be deducted from your Ethereum balance. Fees may seem extremely low when using values ​​over $ 10.00 USD or unfairly high if you spend lower values ​​than $ 1.00 UD.

What if I get Coin Connection when my phone is turned off?

Okay. COINNs will appear the next time you view your wallet. COINN are not actually received by the mobile phone or computer, the transfers are recorded on the network which is even free for public consultation. If you are sent COINNs when wallet is not online and later you start it, COINNs will appear, it is like receiving money in your bank account, you only need to login to your wallet when you want to spend COINNs.

Conclusion:

CURRENT MARKETS LISTED IN THE COIN CONNECTION

Coin Connection will support trading pairs in the following currencies: (ETH) More currencies may be added in the future. Trading markets are usually decided by the popularity, credibility and longevity of the currency you decide. We currently have no plans to support currencies directly on the exchange. DEVICE COVERAGE We will provide cross platform trading clients for: • Web based trading client • Android native client • iOS native client MULTILINGUAL SUPPORT We support web based trading platforms in English, Chinese, Japanese and Korean. We have community managers who can also help in the following languages; Arabic, Indonesian and Turkish.

Team Message The Coin Connection is a new form of payment with a solid perspective. Provides freedom, security, and transparency for its user. Able to solve the problems of any business transaction.

TEAM MEMBERS The Coin Connection team consists of a team of professionals in the financial, technology and blockchain sectors.

Amilton de Cristo Digital nomad with a passion for finance, technology and donations. Founder and CEO of Coin Connection - COINN. https://br.linkedin.com/in/amilton-de-cristo-12855636

Naha fogaca Software Development Manager International Relations Relations VICE - PROJECT PRESIDENT Coin Connection - COINN https://www.linkedin.com/in/naha-fogaca-562581191/

Token Name: Conexão Coin

Version: 0.1.0 ERC-20

Coin / Token Symbol: COINN

Contract:

0x106f2d734e12545b4d78fc057934905508f1fe24

Total Supply: 1,000,000,000 COINN

Contact us for more information:

official website: http://coinn.com.br/

official email: conexaocoin@bol.com.br

twitter: https://twitter.com/conexaocoin

instagram: https://www.instagram.com/conexaocoin/

facebook: https://www.facebook.com/conexaocoin/

discord: https://discord.gg/bhQReAB

reddit: https://www.reddit.com/user/conexaocoin

telegram: https://t.me/conexaocoin
